AUXILIARY SERVICES DIRECTORY

TRACEY COPELAND
704-687-0381
tcopela3@charlotte.edu
MARISA ELSTON
704-687-7352
mjelston@charlotte.edu
RACHEL SKIPWORTH
704-687-7683
dskipwor@charlotte.edu
JOSHUA THOMAS
704-687-7342
jthom269@charlotte.edu
Auxiliary Services Building
JODY J. THOMPSON
704-687-7349
jthom373@charlotte.edu
RICK TORRES, CASP
704-687-7341
ricktorres@charlotte.edu
BUSINESS SERVICES DIRECTORY

MELISSA BATTLE
University Program Specialist
704-687-7350
mbattle4@charlotte.edu
Auxiliary Services Building 170
DARRYL COX
Technology Support Analyst
704-687-7351
dcox34@charlotte.edu
Auxiliary Services Building 164

Diversity Initiatives

Business Services values the diversity of our staff, faculty, and students. We strive to promote an inclusive environment for staff development and growth in order to provide the best service possible to meet the needs of our campus community. We are committed to providing opportunities for learning and engagement.

Staff Engagement:

A number of Business Services staff members serve on campus-wide committees that aim to improve service delivery and maintain an inclusive environment for staff. Business Services has representation on the UNC System Staff Assembly, the Staff Council, the Chancellor’s Diversity and Inclusion Committee, the Campus Accessibility Advisory Committee, the Know Me Committee, and the Racial Equity Caucus.
University Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Resources:

UNC Charlotte has a number of DEI resources available:
Office of Identity Equity and Engagement
Bias Advisory Resource Team
Title IX at UNC Charlotte
Office of Diversity and Inclusion
Donation Requests

Auxiliary Services is pleased to support campus activities and organizational programs. We strive to make donations when financial resources are available and to fairly distribute our support to as many organizations as possible. All requests must be submitted at least four (4) weeks prior to the event so requests can be processed in a timely manner.

Donation Criteria:

Approval for all donation requests will be based on the following:
Auxiliary Services has available items for donation.
The event must contribute to the University’s mission and positively impact the community.
Student organization event must be open to all students with no charge for admission.
Department event must be open to all faculty and/or staff with no charge for admission.
Student organization must be a registered student organization in good standing.
Guidelines:

Any donation provided by Auxiliary Services shall not be used for resale nor to make any sort of profit.
Donations must be used for the purpose stated and approved in the Donation Request Application.
Any infringement of these restrictions could make the department or student organization ineligible for future donations.
Contact:

If you have questions, please contact auxiliaryinfo@charlotte.edu.
Dining Services

UNC Charlotte offers a wide variety of dining options in different locations across campus. From buffet-style dining at Social 704 and SoVi to retail dining at over 20 locations, there are options to suit different tastes, budgets, and food preferences. Flexible meal plans are available for resident students and commuters.

Meal Plans: 704‑687‑7337
Dining Director of Operations: 704-687-0687
Catering Offices: HRL Bldg. (#29 Campus Map), Mon-Fri, 8 AM – 5 PM, 704‑687‑0690
Important Dates:
Thursday, Dec. 14, 2023: Last day to use meals for Fall 2023 meal plans.
Thursday, Aug. 8, 2024: Declining Balance funds for AY 23-24 expire.
Catering

Chartwells Catering at UNC Charlotte provides a wide array of options for special events, including refreshment breaks, terrace barbecues, receptions, and elegantly served dinners. They also offer a small group catering program with pick-up and delivery service from various campus dining locations.

Full-Service Catering: Order online for various events.
Retail Catering: Available from Bojangles, Chick-fil-A, Panda Express, Salsarita’s, and Subway.
Food Service Policy Exemption Requests: For events with food served or consumed on campus, University Policy 709 guidelines must be followed. Requests for using outside caterers or accepting donated food must be submitted through the Food Service Waiver Form.
Food Truck Procedures: Food trucks are allowed on campus for University sponsored, campus-wide/community events, hosted by a University affiliated group/department. All food trucks must comply with specific health and insurance requirements.

Dining Hours

Please monitor dining hours changes at Dine on Campus.
Dining Map

Note: Not all dining locations are open. Check Dine on Campus for hours before heading to any of the dining locations.
Dining Locations:
Atkins Library: Starbucks
Fretwell: Thoughtful Cup
Portal: Smart Market
Cone Center Main Street Market: Panda Express, Subway, Whitney’s Bakery
Prospector: Burger 704, Chick-fil-A Express, 49er Fresh, Jamal’s Chicken, Mamma Leone’s, Salsarita’s Fresh Cantina, Sushi with Gusto
Science Building: Aurum Cafe featuring Auntie Anne’s
South Village Crossing: Charlotte Greens, SoVi, SoVi Market + Bakery
Popp Martin Student Union: Bistro, Bojangles, Market on Craver feat. Erberts & Gerbert’s, Market Powered by Amazon Just Walk Out, Shake Smart, Social 704, Starbucks, Wendy’s
Center City Building: Market @ DuBois

Meal Plan Selection

Spring 2024 Meal Plan Selection Changes:
Read the Spring 2024 meal plan information page before submitting a request to change or cancel your meal plan.
Deadline for upperclass residents and commuters to request a meal plan change without a $25 fee: Thursday, Jan. 4, 2024, at noon.
Final deadline to change or cancel a non-required meal plan: Friday, Jan. 26, 2024, at noon.
First-year students living on campus will be assigned The Daily Plan and may not request a change.
Residents and commuters making changes to plan should review the meal plan FAQs.
Adding a meal plan:
Students may purchase a meal plan at any time.
Straight Declining Balance plans will be billed in full, regardless of when the plan is purchased.
Billing: The Daily Plan and Block Meal Plans will be billed in two parts (meals and declining balance).
Mobile Ordering

Niner Diners Mobile Ordering App:
Skip the line and order meals right from your fingertips.
Download: Search for Transact Mobile in your app store (iOS and Android), select UNC Charlotte, and sign up using your NinerNet login.
Use: Select any open dining location, customize your order, pay ahead, and wait for notification that your order is ready.
Rewards: Earn points with every purchase on the app, which can be used for contests and prizes.
How to Pay:
Use DB, ODA, ODA Bonus, or 49er Account funds.
Debit/credit card users will see a $1 authorization hold on first-time transactions.
Mobile ordering payment processing issues: If a credit/debit card payment fails, you may need to reorder your meal.

Nutrition Services

UNC Charlotte Dining Services has a registered dietitian on staff who helps students with food allergies and those who are vegetarian/vegan navigate dining on campus, provides tours of the dining halls specific to students’ needs, and partners with student groups and campus organizations for wellness events and nutrition education.
For more in-depth nutrition counseling, contact Danielle Samelson, registered dietitian at the Student Health Center.
Vegan and Vegetarian Options: SoVi and Social 704 dining halls offer a range of vegan and vegetarian options. Menu boards display blue and green icons next to vegan and vegetarian items, along with possible allergens.
Food Allergy Information: Staff in the dining halls can prepare allergen-friendly meals using special cooking equipment to prevent contamination.
Optional Dining Account (ODA)

An Optional Dining Account (ODA) is a dining debit account that can be used at all campus dining locations, including convenience stores and SoVi Market + Bakery.
ODA is available to all students, and deposits can be made any time during the year. Unused balance rolls over from semester to semester, year to year, as long as the student is enrolled.
For resident students, ODA can supplement a meal plan and may be used when declining balance (DB) funds have been spent. It is also convenient for students who live in Greek Village, on-campus apartments, and those who live off campus.

Ozzi Containers

Get takeout from SoVi or Social 704 with OZZI reusable containers for a nonrefundable fee of $6.
How it Works:
Purchase a BPA-free O2GO container at the SoVi or Social 704 register for $6.
Return the container to the OZZI machine located near the entrance of the dining hall or to the cashier at Social 704.
Collect the token to exchange for a fresh container.
The OZZI® machine is part of a Chartwells Higher Education nationwide sustainability initiative.
Meal Plans and Spending Accounts

Fall 2023 and Spring 2024 Meal Plans:
First-year residents are enrolled in The Daily Plan.
Upperclass students in residence halls without private kitchens can choose between The Daily Plan, the 160 Block Plan, or the 100 Block Plan. Commuters can choose from any available meal plan, including Straight Declining Balance.
The Daily Plan includes unlimited meals, $200 Declining Balance (DB) funds, and 5 guest meals.
160/350 Block Plan offers 160 meals and $350 DB funds.
100/350 Block Plan offers 100 meals and $350 DB funds.
Straight Declining (DB) Plans for commuters and upperclass residents in non-required housing.
Important Dates:
Various deadlines for changing or canceling meal plans.
Dining with Guests:
The Daily Plan provides 5 guest meals per semester.
Meal Periods: Students with The Daily Plan can only use one meal within a 15-minute period unless using a guest meal.
Dining Accounts:
An Optional Dining Account (ODA) is a dining debit account that can be used at all campus dining locations.
49er Card

The 49er Card is the official identification card of UNC Charlotte. It provides access to campus housing, activities, programs, athletic events, recreational facilities, computer labs, and the Student Health Center.
The card also serves as a meal plan card, library card, secondary credential for virtual parking privileges, and CATS All-Access Transit Pass.
It holds funds for the 49er Account and Optional Dining Account (ODA).
To get a 49er ID card, you need a student ID number, to be registered for classes, proof of University affiliation, and one valid proof of identification.
The 49er IDs have contactless technology for transactions across campus.
Activation of card accounts and features is immediate for door access, meal plans, campus spending accounts, and takes a few business days for parking gate access, key boxes, Kronos, and CATS Transit Pass.
The card must be carried on campus at all times and is nontransferable.
49er Card Terms and Conditions

The 49er ID Terms and Conditions for 2023-24 are subject to change based on alterations in operations due to COVID-19.
The 49er ID is the property of the University and is non-transferable. It identifies the cardholder as a student, faculty, staff, or sponsored guest of the University.
The card can be used for door access, admission to athletic events, tracking attendance, and as a mechanism for accessing Stored Value Accounts.
Lost or stolen cards should be reported immediately. A replacement fee is imposed for re-issuance of a card.
Stored Value Accounts (SVA) are discretionary spending debit accounts for pre-deposited funds.
There are no charges assessed for transactions. Deposits can be made online, in-person, by mail, or in the eAccounts app.
Refunds and returns will be credited to the cardholder's SVA; no cash refunds will be made for purchases made with the 49er Card.
Liability for unauthorized purchases is limited if the card is reported as lost or stolen within specific time frames.
Account closures can be requested upon officially separating from the University.
Information about the cardholder's account will be disclosed only under specific circumstances.
49er Mobile ID Program

The 49er ID Card is now available on Google Wallet, Samsung Wallet, iOS, and Apple Watch.
The 49er Mobile ID gives access to campus housing, recreational facilities, campus labs, and events.
It holds funds for Declining Balance, Optional Dining Account, and 49er Account.
Serves as a meal plan card, library card, and backup credential for parking access.
To set up 49er Mobile ID, download the Transact eAccounts app and follow the instructions.
Troubleshooting: For issues, submit a request for help online or visit the Loan Key Desk outside of business hours.
FAQs cover various aspects of using the 49er Mobile ID, including what to do if your phone dies and how to find your ISO number for ordering at Domino’s.
49er vs. ODA Accounts

Both the 49er Account and Optional Dining Account (ODA) reside on the 49er ID Card.
49er Account:
Used at over 100 locations on campus.
Can be used for dining, retail, library fines, parking, mail services, vending machines, copiers, printers, and laundry facilities.
Advantages include being a helpful budgeting tool, safe, secure, and convenient.
Funds carry over semester to semester, year to year, as long as enrolled.
Optional Dining Account (ODA):
Exclusively for dining at any campus dining location.
Available to all students, faculty, and staff.
Funds do not expire and roll over semester to semester, year to year.
Advantages include being a pre-paid dining debit account, seasonal reward incentives, and a minimum deposit of $5.
Transfer of funds between accounts is not permitted.

Online Photo Submission

The 49er Card’s online photo submission process allows UNC Charlotte students, faculty, staff, and guests to upload their 49er ID Card photo.
Photo Submission Guidelines:
Current color photo in .jpg format.
White smooth background required.
Centered, front view of full face.
Cropped from just above the top of the head down to the collarbone.
Proper lighting, eyes open and visible, straight face or smile.
Wear prescription glasses if normally used.
Head coverings allowed for religious purposes.
Unacceptable: Hats, sunglasses, shadows on the face, glare on glasses, red eye, other visible people or objects, props, hand gestures, inappropriate expressions, copyrighted images.
New Students: Submit your photo online and bring a government-issued photo ID to the Housing and Residence Life desk during move-in to pick up your 49er Card.
Replacement Cards: Bring your student number and a government-issued photo ID. A $20 fee for replacement of a lost or stolen card.
Preferred First Name Change

UNC Charlotte allows the use of a Preferred First Name (PFN) for students and employees.
Both the legal first name and PFN (if requested) will be stored within UNC Charlotte’s primary information systems.
Obtaining a New 49er Card with PFN:
After updating your PFN in Banner Self-Service, allow 24 hours for the record to update.
Visit the 49er Card and Meal Plan Office in the Popp Martin Student Union to pick up your new 49er Card.
No cost to replace your card due to a name change if you exchange your current 49er ID Card. Otherwise, a $20 replacement fee is applicable.

Refund Form

This form is for individuals separating from the University to request balances on their 49er ID Card.
Only upon official separation (withdrawal/graduation/separation of employment) can the cardholder request their accounts be closed.
There is a $10 processing fee withheld from each account refunded.
All debts on the Cardholder’s account with the Student Accounts Office must be satisfied before a check is processed for a refund.
Any negative 49er Account or Optional Dining Account balances will be charged to the Cardholder’s Student Account or billed directly to the Cardholder.
Please allow 30 days for refunds to be processed and sent to your bank on file with the University or mailed to your permanent mailing address if direct deposit is not set up.
Value Transfer Stations (VTS)

Value Transfer Station (VTS) machines allow you to load cash on your 49er Account for use at various campus locations.
VTS machines are located in the Popp Martin Student Union (dining area) and the first and second floors of Atkins Library.
To make a cash deposit to your 49er Account on your 49er Card:
Visit a VTS machine and hit the Deposit button.
Insert bills to load funds on your 49er Account.
Choose Yes for a receipt or No if you do not want a receipt.
Tap to deposit funds.
Change cannot be given at VTS machines. The 49er Card Office does not process refunds for deposits.
Guests can use the VTS machine in the Popp Martin Student Union to pay cash for campus services and dining. A $1 transaction fee applies to load funds.
Bookstore

Barnes & Noble operates the Bookstore for UNC Charlotte, offering textbooks, supplies, 49er apparel, gear, logoed merchandise, general interest titles, gifts, cards, software, and computer accessories.
Commitment to Value:
100% price match to Amazon, bn.com, and local booksellers for the same, in-stock book.
One of the lowest margins in the nation on new textbooks.
Biggest selection of used books, sold at 75% of the new book price.
Rental and e-Book options available.
Knowledgeable staff familiar with UNC Charlotte faculty and class requirements.
No-Worry Textbook Returns:
100% refund for textbooks with a receipt up to one week from the first day of classes; with a receipt and drop slip until up to 30 days from the first day of classes.
Support the Bookstore, Support UNC Charlotte:
Funds scholarships, builds and maintains facilities, supports programs, and provides on-campus employment.
Textbooks

Find your course materials in five easy steps:
Log in to my.charlotte.edu with your NinerNet.
Select the “Student” tab.
Select “My Schedule”.
Note the subjects, course numbers, and section numbers.
Visit the Find Course Materials page to look up your required and recommended materials.
You may also search by course, title, author, or publisher.

Bookstore Hours

Regular Hours:
Dining: Monitor Dine on Campus for changes.
Barnes & Noble Charlotte: Bookstore hours.
Mail and Package Services: Mail window hours (Monday through Friday: 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.), Package window hours (Monday through Friday: 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.).
Union Station: Monday – Friday: 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Passports: Monday – Friday: 8:30 a.m. to 2 p.m. (appointments required).
Print and Copy Services: Monday – Thursday 7:30 a.m. to 6 p.m., Friday – 7:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.
49er Card and Meal Plans Office: Monday – Friday, 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Winter Break Hours (Dec. 22-Jan. 1): Various locations have different hours during the winter break.
Niner Course Pack

The Niner Course Pack is a textbook rental program that provides access to all course materials for $20 per credit hour per term.
Benefits include having all course materials ahead of time and saving 35 to 50 percent off course materials.
How it Works:
Automatically enrolled during course registration.
Verify your order 35 days before the first day of classes.
Receive your materials via email notification for pickup or shipping. Digital materials will be delivered in Canvas.
Opt-out deadlines and return deadlines for course materials are specified for each semester.
FAQs cover accessing the Niner Course Pack, ordering and payment, textbook rentals, and what happens if you never verify your order or pick up your books.

Niner Course Pack Faculty and Advisor Information

The Niner Course Pack is part of the First Day® Complete textbook and course material rental program offered by Barnes & Noble College.
Benefits for Students:
Automatic receipt of all books and access to electronic materials on or before the first day of class.
Significant cost savings compared to traditional textbook buying.
Benefits for Faculty:
Freedom to select electronic and print materials across all publishers.
Customized portal for researching and selecting course materials with affordability recommendations and access to OER.
Important Dates:
Fall Adoption Deadline: May 1
Spring Adoption Deadline: October 1
Summer Adoption Deadline: March 1
FAQs cover various aspects of the program, including how materials appear in Canvas, the impact on material choices, and the $20 per credit hour rate.
Course Material Formats

E-Books: Option to purchase digital textbooks and download the free Yuzu app for offline reading.
Book Rental: Saves students over one million dollars yearly. The rental period is for the duration of the semester, and students may highlight or mark the rented books.
Buying vs. Renting: Comparison of upfront costs, return policies, and potential savings.
Barnes & Noble vs. Other Rental Companies:
Assurance of receiving the correct edition specified by instructors.
Convenient return process at the end of the semester.
Support for UNC Charlotte through bookstore patronage, including funding scholarships and supporting campus programs.

Textbook Adoption

Barnes & Noble College offers the online Adoption and Insights Portal (AIP) for textbook and course materials adoption.
Benefits of AIP:
Browse over 10 million textbooks, ebooks, and courseware from all major publishers.
Search for free Open Educational Resources (OER) to enhance or replace traditional course materials.
Easily redesignate previously adopted course materials with One Click Re-Adopt.
View a personalized Course List to easily search, research, and submit your adoptions.
Receive In-line affordability recommendations as a complement or substitute to traditional course materials.
Faculty will receive reminders with textbook adoption deadlines and notifications when new editions of textbooks are available.
Textbook adoption deadlines:
Spring 2024: October 1, 2023
Summer 2024: March 1, 2024
Fall 2024: May 1, 2024
Contact Information:
For questions about the textbook adoption process, contact Barnes & Noble Charlotte at 704-687-7050 or sm276@bncollege.com.
For help with AIP, visit Getting Started with BNC Adoption & Insights Portal or contact Cheri Griffith-Kline at 704-687-7077 or sm276@bncollege.com.

Mail & Package for Students

Sending Mail to a Residence Hall Student:
Address format: Student name, Residence hall and room number, 9201 University City Blvd., Charlotte, NC 28223.
Services include campus mailbox rental, shipping supplies, postage stamps and postcards, bulk mail and package services, money orders, and USPS shipping.
Mail & Package Services is a fully-operational Postal Contract Station.
Wrong Mail: If you receive mail for someone else, place it in the Misdelivered/Missent mail slot.
Mail Forwarding: Fill out the Change of Address form if leaving campus for the summer, graduating, or moving off campus.
Mail & Package for Departments

Services include campus mailbox rental, shipping supplies, postage stamps and postcards, bulk mail and package services, money orders, and USPS shipping.
2Ship Access: Department administrators must sign up for access to 2Ship, a shipping software, to create ship requests online using department fund codes.
To Send Letter Mail and Flats: Enter 6-digit index/fund number in the PDF before printing. Forms available are Domestic Mail (Blue Slip), International Mail (Gold Slip), and Departmental Invoice.
Letters

Aspect Ratio for Postcards and Letters: Postcards (3.5×5" to 4.25×6"), Letters (Max size: 11.5×6.125").
Best Practices for Addressing Letters:
Use full & formal names, provide delivery and return address, capitalize everything in the address, use two-letter state abbreviations, eliminate punctuation, use Zip + 4 Codes.
For International Mail, provide country name in ALL CAPITALS on the last address line.
Stamps and envelopes are available for purchase at Mail & Package Services.
Please copy this text and save it as a .txt file on your computer. Let me know if you need more URLs scraped or any further assistance!

Passport Services

Authorized U.S. passport acceptance facility offering appointment-based services.
Open to the public and the Charlotte metro area.
Open appointments: Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. – 2 p.m. Walk-ins for Students, Faculty & Staff ONLY: 2:15 p.m. – 3:15 p.m.
Location: Union Station in the Popp Martin Student Union.
Required Documents: Proof of U.S. citizenship, proof of identity, photo (2x2 photos taken no more than 6 months old), payment ($35.00 execution fee in cash and check or money order for the Department of State), and application form.
Separate sections for adult and minor applicants.
Union Station

Union Station in Popp Martin Student Union provides shipping and U.S. Passport services.
Services include package shipping (USPS, DHL, FedEx), stamps and shipping supplies, money orders, notary services, official U.S. Passport Acceptance Station, campus mailbox rental, Kodak® Photo Kiosk, and fax service.
Balloons available in latex and Mylar.
Physical address: Popp Martin Student Union, 8845 Craver Rd., Charlotte, NC 28262.
Mail & Package Services FAQs

Receiving Mail and Packages on Campus: Resident students can receive letter mail and packages, held at Mail and Package Services in lower Prospector.
Change of Address: No need to submit a change of address form when moving back to school after summer break, only when moving off campus.
Mail Delivery After Changing Dorm Rooms: Mail is checked against the most recent roster for proper delivery.
Mail for Students Moving Off Campus: Mail will be returned to sender until a Change of Address form is submitted if not listed on the current roster provided by Housing.

Find a Printer or Copier

REPROS offers the ability to print on any REPROS machine across campus from laptops, phones, Chromebooks, tablets, or University workstations.
To set up your device to print to a REPROS machine, visit Getting Started with REPROS.
Lists campus printer and multifunction device locations in various buildings and rooms with the type of device available.
Join REPROS

Benefits of joining the REPROS departmental printing program:
High-quality RICOH multifunction devices and printers.
Automatic monitoring and troubleshooting of machines.
Delivery of toner and supplies from the on-campus REPROS center.
On-site staff for troubleshooting machine issues.
Use of OneIT’s ticketing system for support.
Maintenance and Supplies: REPROS staff will install, maintain, repair, and relocate equipment. Department agreements include preventative maintenance, repair services, parts, labor, and paper at no additional cost.
Contact the REPROS site manager at 704-687-0808 to speak about joining the program.
Add an Authorized Fund Code User

Copies and prints are billed to the department fund code used for printing and copying.
If the correct fund code is not available when tapping the 49er Card at the multi-function device, completion of the Authorized Fund Code User Request Form is necessary.
An authorized department representative must complete the form on behalf of student-workers to verify permission to use a department fund code.
One authorized user per form submission is allowed.

ChatGPT
ChatGPT
Used Scraper
Used Scraper
Used Scraper
I have successfully scraped content from three pages under the "Vending" section of the aux.charlotte.edu website. Here's the text content for each:

Laundry Service

Auxiliary Services partners with The WashRoom Laundry to bring laundry and dry cleaning services to campus.
Services available for students, faculty, and staff via lockers located at North Deck level 1 and South Village Deck level 3.
Multiple payment packages available, with special care instructions, hypoallergenic detergents, and dry cleaning services.
Process: Set up an account online with 49er Laundry, schedule a pickup, bag your laundry and/or dry cleaning, drop it off at on-campus lockers, and receive a notification when your laundry is ready for pickup.
Contact for questions: Visit 49er Laundry or call (704) 967-9237.
Vending Machines

Pharmabox: Distributor of over-the-counter products and essentials, located on the first floor of the Student Union.
Beverage Machines: Offer Coca-Cola and Pepsi Cola products in 20-ounce bottles.
Snack Machines: Provided by Canteen Vending, offering a variety of snacks.
Coffee Machines: Five coffee vending machines on campus serving standard and specialty coffee flavors.
Office Coffee Service: Provided by Canteen Vending, contact Auxiliary Services office for more information.
Vending Machine Locations

Lists various buildings and their respective locations on campus with the type of vending product available (beverage, snack, coffee, frozen food).
Each entry includes the building name, specific location within the building, and the type of vending machine present.

Organizational Chart

The page provides a downloadable Business Services Organizational Chart.
Diversity Initiatives

Business Services values the diversity of staff, faculty, and students and strives to promote an inclusive environment for staff development and growth.
Staff Engagement: Business Services staff serve on various campus-wide committees, including the UNC System Staff Assembly, Staff Council, Chancellor’s Diversity and Inclusion Committee, Campus Accessibility Advisory Committee, Know Me Committee, and Racial Equity Caucus.
University Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Resources: UNC Charlotte offers resources like the Office of Identity Equity and Engagement, Bias Advisory Resource Team, Title IX at UNC Charlotte, and Office of Diversity and Inclusion.
Directory

Auxiliary Services Office: 704-687-7352, Auxiliary Services Building (#39).
Mail and Package Services: 704‑687‑0383, mailservices@charlotte.edu.
Vending and ATM Services: 704-687-7352, auxiliaryinfo@charlotte.edu, Auxiliary Services Building (#39).
49er Card and Meal Plans Office: 704-687-7337, 49ercard@charlotte.edu, 127 Student Union (#69).
REPROS Copy Center: Manager: Shane Livingston, 704-687-0809, repros@charlotte.edu.
Chartwells Dining Services: 704-687-0690, chartwellscatering@charlotte.edu, 243 Cone Center (#5).
Union Station (U.S. Passports, Shipping and Graphics Services): 704-687-5803, unionstation@charlotte.edu.
Additional contacts for various Auxiliary Services roles and Business Services.

GENERAL FAQS

SMART LOCKERS
HOW WILL I KNOW IF I HAVE RECEIVED A PACKAGE?
You will receive an email notification from Mail and Package Services stating that you have received a package. 
This email will note if your package is available for pick up in the MPS Smart Lockers, at the Mail Package Pick-Up Window or
 if it is located in a personal mailbox at Union Station. Packages will only be available for pick up in Union Station if you 
 have paid for and leased a separate mailbox.

 HOW DO I PICK UP MY PACKAGE FROM THE MPS SMART LOCKERS?
The MPS Smart Lockers are located in Lower Prospector at the base of the stairs near Mail and Package Services. You will be notified by email once your package has arrived and been processed by Mail and Package Services.

This email will include information on which locker bank your package is located in, which kiosk you need to use and your collection pin.

Once you have accessed the correct kiosk, you can scan your 49er ID or input your collection pin.

The locker associated with your package will then automatically open. Please retrieve your package(s) and close the door.

See a mailroom staff member if you accidentally close the locker door before collecting your packages. Do not attempt to pry open the door.

Mail and Package Services will make a concerted effort to combine packages into one locker if you have received more than one package. You should still double-check your email to ensure you don’t have packages in multiple lockers waiting for you.

Please do not attempt to pick up your packages until you are ready to retrieve them all. Opening and closing a locker will 
inform Mail and Package Services that the locker has been emptied and can now be filled with another package. Additionally, your collection pin/49er ID will only allow you to open the locker once.

You may have packages located in the MPS Smart Lockers and at the Mail Package Pick-Up Window if you have received multiple packages over several days.

WHAT IDENTIFICATION DO I NEED TO PICK UP MY PACKAGE?
You will need the following identification:

If you are retrieving your package from the MPS Smart Lockers,  you will need your 49er ID and/or the collection pin. The collection pin will be listed in the email that you receive from Mail and Package Services.

If you are retrieving your package from the Mail Package Pick-Up Window, you will need your 49er ID Card or a legal form of identification along with your 800#.

IS THERE A CERTAIN TIME TO COLLECT MY PACKAGE?
Packages must be picked up from the MPS Smart Lockers within 24 hours of receiving the email. You will receive a reminder email during this 24-hour period. If you are not able to retrieve your package within that time frame, it will be removed from the locker and relocated to the Mailroom. You will need to visit the Mail Package Pick-Up Window to collect your package.

Packages located in the MPS Smart Lockers may be picked up any time the building is open.  Building hours are, Monday – Thursday, 7:30 a.m. to 7:00 p.m., and Friday, 7:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. The Prospector building is closed on weekends and University holidays.

Packages received by or relocated to the Mailroom must be picked up from the Mail Package Pick-Up Counter within 10 business days. Packages will be returned to the sender if they have not been picked up within this timeframe.

The Mail Package Pickup Window is open Monday – Friday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.

I RECEIVED AN EMAIL STATING THAT MY PACKAGE WAS LOCATED IN THE MPS SMART LOCKERS, BUT MY 49ER ID WILL NOT OPEN A LOCKER.
It is likely that your locker time had expired and your package has been relocated to the Mailroom. Please visit the Mail Package Pick-Up Window to locate your package.

DOES MY SHIPPING ADDRESS CHANGE IF MY PACKAGE IS SENT TO A MPS SMART LOCKER?
No. Please continue to use the following format:

Student Name (no nicknames)
Residence Hall, Room Number
9201 University City Blvd.
Charlotte, NC 28223

HOW DO YOU HANDLE MEDICATIONS?
Medications requiring refrigeration will be placed in the Mail and Package Services’ refrigerator, and you may pick them up from the Mail Package Pick-Up Counter. You will receive an email stating your package’s location.

49ER MOBILE ID
IF MY PHONE DIES, HOW DO I GET INTO MY RESIDENCE HALL?
If your phone runs out of battery power, you will be able to access your residence hall. 

For iPhone users: iPhone users may run their phone in Express Mode with power reserve to access their Apple Wallet for up to five hours after your phone begins to run on its power reserve. If Express Mode fails during business hours, visit the 49er Card Office in the Popp Martin Student Union or the loan key desk to pick up a temporary card. After hours, visit the loan key desk.

Learn more about Express Mode.

For Android users: If your device runs out of battery, we recommend that you visit the 49er Card Office in the Popp Martin Student Union or the loan key desk to pick up a temporary card. After hours, visit the loan key desk.

IS 49ER MOBILE ID GOING TO REPLACE ALL PHYSICAL ID CARDS?
The Card Office is using a phased approach to rolling out the 49er Mobile ID program. Each year, incoming students will be encouraged to adopt 49er Mobile ID instead of having a physical ID card printed. However, students, faculty and staff will not be required to adopt 49er Mobile ID and may continue using their physical ID cards.

Locked out and need to know what to do?
If you are locked out of your room, a temporary key (called a loan key) may be issued according to the following directions:

Log into the Online Housing System
Click Apply/Login
After logging in, click "Request Loan Key or Replacement Key" and follow the on screen instructions.
Once you've submitted the online request, go to the Loan Key Desk appropriate to your building:
Belk, Lynch, Miltimore, Wallis or Witherspoon: Belk Hall, 704-687-5576
Holshouser, Hunt, Laurel or Scott: Hunt Hall, 704-687-5399
Sanford or Levine: Levine Hall, 704-687-5461
Cedar, Elm, Greek Village, Hawthorn, Hickory, Martin, Oak or Pine: Martin Hall, 704-687-6131
To check out a key, you must be able to present a valid photo ID or answer security questions.
Use the key to gain entry to your room. You must return the loan key immediately after use. If you do not return it within the stated time frame given during issuance of the loan key, you will be charged for a lock change.
When you return the key, you must present a valid picture ID and show your permanent key/card. The $5 loan key charge will be posted to your student account within 5-10 buisness days.
These desks are open 24 hours a day. However, from time to time, the staff working the desk must leave the desk area to accomplish work related tasks. If the desk staff member is not available when you return the loan key/card, please wait at the desk for his/her return.

During winter break and transitional times between terms, please follow the posted signs to request room access.

WELCOME AND OVERVIEW
UNC Charlotte Housing and Residence Life (HRL) partners with residents to provide communities that are inclusive, safe, well-maintained, and intentionally designed to facilitate academic, personal, and professional growth. To support these efforts, HRL has established this Resident Handbook (the Handbook) as an extension of the Contract for Residential Services (the Contract) that outlines student rights and responsibilities while living in University-provided housing. These rights and responsibilities have been intentionally designed to foster communities grounded in personal accountability, mutual respect, and community awareness.
The Handbook, Housing 101, the Contract, and Roommate Agreements, in addition to University Policy 601.5, Use of Student Residence Facilities, are all applicable rules and regulations. Failure to adhere to them can result in enforcement through Damage Billing, Health & Safety Inspections, Contract Breach procedures, and Accountability processes under the Code of Student Responsibility.
Breach of Contract
Under Part II, Section M of the Contract, breach of the Contract by a student may result in cancellation of a student’s Housing Contract and an exclusion from University-provided housing. It could also result in a referral to Student Accountability & Conflict Resolution or criminal prosecution. No refund of housing charges will be made if a student is dismissed from University-provided housing due to a breach of Contract.
The University will notify the student, in writing, if it determines that the student has breached the Contract. If the student wishes to appeal the decision, they must file written notice of appeal, including any new, relevant information within 48 hours to the Associate Vice Chancellor for Student Affairs (or designee), who will render a final determination within 5 business days from the date of the appeal.
ACCOUNTABILITY PROCESSES
The purpose of UNC Charlotte’s Student Accountability procedures is to uphold academic and community standards; encourage personal accountability and responsible decision making; promote student learning; and reduce and prevent behavior that undermines student success and community safety. The University is committed to providing a fair, impartial, and efficient process facilitated through compassionate conversations in which students are heard, respected, and treated with dignity.
When an incident occurs in University-provided housing and/or involves a residential student, HRL may coordinate with other campus offices to initiate the appropriate process, which can include an Alternative Resolution Process or Accountability Process as administered by Student Accountability & Conflict Resolution. All UNC Charlotte students are expected to be familiar with the Code of Student Responsibility (the Code) and conduct themselves in accordance with community standards.
Residential policies
HRL considers the health and safety of our residential students and their guests as its highest priority. We strive to ensure that all our residents feel safe every time they come home. As such, our residents are expected to uphold these behavioral standards throughout the duration of their time as on-campus residents. The following policies have been outlined to help ensure that all members are contributing to the overall health and wellness of our community.
Alcohol
In addition to the behaviors prohibited in the Code of Student Responsibility, HRL hold students accountable for complying with the following expectations:
● Alcohol is not permitted in bedspaces, suites, or apartments of residents who are ALL under 21.
● Those 21 or older may possess or consume alcohol in their own room, suite or apartment.
● Those 21 or older may possess or consume alcohol in another bedspace, suite, or apartment with an assigned
resident who is also 21.
● Alcohol is permitted in suites or apartments when one or more residents assigned to the unit are 21, as long as
    those under 21 are not the owners of the alcohol and are not consuming it.
1
 ● Bedrooms in an apartment or suite of a mixed-age unit take on the age of the resident assigned to that bedspace. For example, if the student in Bedspace A is 22 and the student in Bedspace B is 20, then alcohol is only permitted in Bedspace A.
● In a bedroom where only one assigned resident is 21 the alcohol must be kept on the side of the room belonging to the resident 21 or older.
Common Areas
There are many common areas located throughout the university-provided residential areas. Common areas are primarily for the use of residents assigned to that residential living facility. No individual or group should engage in an activity which prevents the use of these common areas by assigned residents unless a reservation for the room is approved in advance by the Residence Education Coordinator (REC) or Graduate Hall Advisor (GHA).
Students are required to remove all trash and return all furniture to its original location before leaving the common area. The hall staff may restrict access to common areas if they are not being used and/or maintained properly by students.
Decorations
While students are encouraged to make their residence hall room feel like home, decorations (e.g. posters, flags, signs, writings, stickers, banners, clotheslines, suspended lights, etc.) must be utilized with care and consideration of the following standards:
● Students are prohibited from using nails, screws, double-sided tape, or self-adhesive hooks. Students are permitted to use only regular (e.g. scotch) tape, removable command strips, or tacks for hanging decorations.
● Students are prohibited from painting any part of the room and/or placing wallpaper on any part of their room.
● Students are prohibited from placing decorations on/in windows, the fire system, or in a way that causes tripping
hazards, blocks egresses, or otherwise poses a safety concern.
● Students are prohibited from placing decorations in a way that can be viewed from outside their assigned space,
including on any outward facing doors, windows, walls, balconies, porches, etc.
○ Decorations displayed within mutually assigned spaces must be agreed upon by all assigned residents of
that space.
● Students are prohibited from displaying alcohol paraphernalia (e.g. bottles or containers) if under the age of 21,
illegally obtained property (e.g. traffic signs), or other drug paraphernalia as a decoration.
● Students are prohibited from displaying or storing items that pose a health or safety risk (e.g. pizza boxes, empty
beverage containers, etc.).
University staff have the discretion to remove and/or ask students to remove any decorations that do not comply with these guidelines. Furthermore, students may be financially responsible for any damages as a result of unauthorized decorations.
Disposal of Sharp/Dangerous Items
“Sharps” are defined as items that are capable of puncturing, cutting, or abrading the skin. Items such as glass, razor blades, needles, and syringes need special care in their disposal. Due to concerns over biohazards, students utilizing “sharps” are required to properly dispose of them according to the following guidelines:
● “Sharps” are not to be placed into the regular trash.
● Needles or razor blades must be disposed of in puncture-proof plastic containers provided by the resident.
● Clean broken glass should be collected in a cardboard box or other strong disposable container. When removing the
box or container, please tape it shut and label its contents as “Sharp Objects/Broken Glass.”
Fire Safety
In addition to fire safety rules prohibited under the Code of Student Responsibility, HRL also holds students accountable to complying with the following:
● All students must evacuate their residence hall rooms immediately and in an orderly fashion during each fire system activation, including all scheduled and unannounced fire drills.
● The fire system exists to ensure the safety of all students, staff, and emergency response personnel during an activation. As such, students are not permitted to vandalize, alter, or obstruct any aspect of the fire systems, including covering/removing smoke detectors and/or hanging items from the sprinkler system.
● Intentionally causing a fire and/or a false alarm may result in additional criminal and/or civil penalties.
● Exterior stairways designated as fire escapes are for emergency use only.
2

 Guest/Visitation
Student guests and visitors are allowed in the university-provided housing 24 hours/day, 7 days/week unless otherwise noted. Specific policies regarding guests and visitation are stated below:
● Bathroom Use:
○ Residents and guests may only utilize the common restrooms and/or shower facilities designated for their gender identity. All individual use restrooms are designated as gender-neutral.
○ Residents are not permitted to share any bathroom facilities (including showers) with another person. Please note that this does not apply to those with documented personal care attendants.
● Escort:
○ All residents are expected to meet their guests outside of the residence halls and escort their guests at all times while inside the residential living facilities. Guests should never be left unattended anywhere in the residential living facilities, including assigned living spaces.
● Cohabitation:
○ Guests are not permitted to cohabitate with resident students. HRL reserves the right to distinguish between guests who are visiting or cohabitating in university-provided housing.
Guests are expected to adhere to all Housing and University policies. Resident students may be held accountable for all actions of their hosted guests, and guests may be asked to leave the residential living facility by any staff member and/or be trespassed from campus by Police and Public Safety for violation of Housing or University policies.
Guests are required to present a University ID, driver’s license or some other government issued photo ID to a University staff member if requested. Guests are not permitted to use resident student IDs.
Hall Sports and Indoor Recreation
For the safety of our students and to protect our physical spaces, recreational play including, but not limited to, throwing/batting balls, frisbee, rollerblading, skateboarding, bicycling/scootering, etc. are not permitted inside the residential living facilities.
Illegal Room Entry
Students are not permitted to use any device other than a university issued ID or key to gain access to a residential living facility or any rooms in a residential living facility.
Maximum Occupancy
● Traditional Double Occupancy Room
○ No more than 7 individuals (including residents)
● Apartment/ Suite Style Living
○ No more than 15 individuals (including residents)
● For questions about occupancy of common areas in the residential living facility (e.g., study lounges, game rooms,
etc.), please contact your REC or hrlfacilities@charlotte.edu.
HRL reserves the right to lower the maximum occupancy for any residential area, including rooms, suites, and apartments, in order to maintain the health and safety of our students.
Move Out
All residents must officially check out of their room at the end of the contract term or after the contract has been canceled. Residents are expected to remove all personal belongings and ensure the room is in good order (swept out, trash removed, original furniture in place and all surfaces cleaned). Residents must return their keys to their residential living facility’s express checkout box or other specified location in order to officially checkout.
Late and/or improper checkouts may be considered a breach of the contract and may result in associated outcomes under Part II, Section M of the contract.
3

 Noise and Quiet Hours
To ensure residents have the opportunity to exercise their primary rights to sleep and study in their living spaces, students are required to limit the amount of noise they create. Courtesy hours are in effect 24 hours/7 days a week. Specific noise policies include:
● Quiet Hours are in effect from 9:00 pm-8:00 am on Sunday - Thursday and 12:00 am - 8:00 am on Friday and Saturday.
● Be courteous about the level of noise produced by sound equipment (ie: speakers, musical instruments, etc.) to avoid disruption or nuisance to the community. Residents may be asked to remove any equipment that creates a persistent disruption to their community.
● Outdoor amplified music policies have been established in accordance with Mecklenburg County ordinances and are only permitted between 5:00 pm and 11:00pm on Friday and Saturday nights. This policy applies to both scheduled and spontaneous events.
Operating a Business
Students are not permitted to use residential living facilities for commercial activities, including operating a business out of University-provided housing. For more information, please refer to University Policy 601.5: Use of Residence Facilities.
Outdoor spaces
The outdoor areas around the residential living facilities cannot be used for any pre- or post-game celebrations, including tailgating, without permission from HRL. Anyone wanting to utilize residential outdoor spaces for events or gatherings must request permission from the Residence Education Coordinator for the Residence Hall adjacent to the space.
Pets
Students are not permitted to have pets unless authorized through the Housing Pet Policy. If a student is found with an unauthorized pet and/or evidence of an unauthorized pet (water dishes, leash/collar, litter box, etc.), they will be given 48 hours to remove the pet, and their room will be reinspected by two members of the HRL team.
Prohibited Items
To minimize safety risks, HRL has compiled a list of Prohibited Items (housing.charlotte.edu/prohibited-items). This published list is not exhaustive, but can provide guidance on items permitted for use in university-provided housing. Please note that HRL may ask students to remove items not specified on this list if their use causes disruption to normal operations (fire alarms, tripped circuit breakers, etc.) or the University deems the items to be hazardous or disruptive.
Propped doors
● Exterior building doors to all residential areas should not be propped open at any time and are equipped with alarms for additional safety. Residents are not permitted to disable, tamper, and/or damage these alarms.
● Doors that open directly to a public space are not permitted to be propped open. These doors typically are equipped with automatic closures; residents are prohibited from tampering with these closing devices.
● Doors that open directly within the interior of their assigned room/suite are permitted to be propped open at the discretion of the assigned residents.
Video doorbells and Recording
Ring Cameras and other security camera devices are included on the HRL list of Prohibited Items (housing.charlotte.edu/prohibited-items). Additionally, residents must adhere to all other University Policies regarding recording, including University Policy 406, Unauthorized Recording.
Refrigerators
Refrigerators or refrigerator/freezer combo units must be energy star compliant and must not exceed 4.5 cubic feet in size. You may rent a MicroFridge (combination refrigerator/ freezer and microwave oven) by visiting standardsforliving.com or by calling (800) 525-7307. These refrigerators are specifically designed to be in compliance with size regulations for residence halls and will be delivered to and picked up from your assigned room.
      4

 Smoking/Vaping
All UNC Charlotte’s residential facilities are designated smoke-free. Smoking is prohibited in all rooms and common spaces, including porches/balconies connected to residential facilities. Smoking is only permitted 100 linear feet or more away from any University building. This includes the use of vapes and e-cigarettes. See University Policy 707, Smoking and Use of Tobacco Products on University Property.
Solicitation
Individuals and/or groups are not permitted to make door-to-door solicitations in the residence halls. This includes, but is not limited to, selling items, fund raising, placing flyers under doors or on doorknobs, promoting Fraternity and Sorority recruitment, and/or campaigning. See University Policy 601.5, Use of Student Residence Facilities.
TRASH
Students are prohibited from storing trash, recycling, or other disposed of items in their assigned bed space, including balconies, porches, etc. Students should dispose of their trash and recycling in the designated trash receptacles and in a timely manner.
Transportation Devices
The use of most transportation devices on campus are governed by campus regulations. For information about your specific device, please see Parking and Transportation Policies. Listed below are transportation policies that specifically pertain to the residence halls:
● Personal Motorized Mobility Devices that contain a lithium ion rechargeable battery cannot be kept in the residential facilities, including on balconies and porches. If you require a device for mobility, please contact The Office of Disability Services.
● Mobility Devices may not be operated inside any Campus building, including residence facilities and parking decks.
● Bicycles and non-gas powered scooters may be stored in a residents room/apartment/suite. They cannot be locked
to any areas inside the community spaces of a residential facility or block fire exits. No transportation device may be
used in the residential facilities.
● Transportation devices cannot be parked in areas that block sidewalks, stairs, doorways, or accessible ramps.
● All transportation devices should be removed when students leave housing at the termination or conclusion of their
Contract. Any devices left behind will be considered abandoned property and discarded.
● Skateboards and in-line skates may only be used on sidewalks or other pedestrian areas on campus.
Unapproved Postings
The bulletin boards and other approved posting locations in the residence halls are not “general purpose” and therefore are reserved for use exclusively by HRL. Please refer to University Policy 601.9 (Sales, Solicitation, Distribution of Materials, and Campus Displays) for additional information.
Unauthorized use of spaces
Residents are not permitted to assume the use of any vacant residence facility room. This includes changing rooms into the vacant space and/or the storage of personal items in spaces that are vacant. Students are also prohibited from switching assigned spaces with each other outside of official room change processes.
University ID and Keys
● For the security of the residence halls and campus community, students are required to be in possession of their University ID at all times. Students must also comply with any University official, including student staff, when asked to produce their ID’s.
● Students are not permitted to lend, loan, and/or share their ID or residence hall keys with anyone, including guests. (See False Identification under the Code of Student Responsibility.)
● If a student loses or misplaces their residence hall key, they should report this to the Loan Key Desk or HRL staff immediately.
● Repeated or egregious use of loan keys and/or loss of residence hall keys is prohibited.
          5

 University Property
The university provides a variety of items for residents to utilize while residing on campus including common area furniture, furniture for their assigned space, and items for checkout at the front desk in their community. Any damage, misuse, or failure to return these items may result in the resident(s) being held responsible for full replacement costs, be referred to the Student Accountability process, and/or face legal action.
Common Area:
● Common area is defined as a lounge, lobby, living room, corridors, recreation areas, etc.
● Common area furniture should not be removed from the common areas or brought into a student’s room, balcony, or
patio for personal use, including from within their own unit.
● For safety purposes, no furniture or other items should be stored under porches, in stairwells, or on balconies or
patios.
Assigned Room/Suite/Apartment:
● All rooms, suites, and apartments are furnished with desks, chairs, beds, closets or wardrobes, dressers,
wastebasket, recycling bin, and window blinds.
● Room/suite/apartment furniture should never be left in study rooms, hallways, lounges, porches, or balconies.
Furthermore, students are prohibited from blocking windows or doors with furniture.
● HRL does not have storage space for either personal items or University supplied furniture that a resident chooses
not to use.
● If the furniture issued when a resident accepted occupancy is not in the room/suite/apartment upon checkout or
common area furniture is found in a room/suite/apartment, the resident(s) may be held responsible for full
replacement costs, be referred to the Student Accountability process, and/or face legal action.
● For safety purposes, no furniture or other items should be stored under porches, in stairwells, or on balconies or
patios.
Items Available for Checkout
● Each community has a unique set of items available for residents to check out. These items can include but are not limited to kitchen utensils, board games, and recreational items such as pool sticks and ping pong balls.
● The resident who checks out an item(s) is responsible for their care and return. If items are not returned in the condition they were issued or are returned past the deadline for return, then the individual may be held responsible for full replacement costs and be referred to the Student Accountability process.
Vandalism
Residents are not permitted to destroy, deface, tamper with, or damage the property of others or University property, including, but not limited to, chalking, spray painting, or otherwise marking without appropriate University authorization.
● Vandalism is defined as listed in Chapter 3 of Prohibited Conduct within the Code of Student Responsibility
● If a resident can be positively identified as an individual who is responsible for demonstrating vandalism within HRL
facilities, that individual may be financially responsible for paying the associated damages and appraised repairs.
● In situations where an individual cannot be positively identified HRL may bill those in or around affected areas up to
and including all residents in the building.
Windows, LEDGES, and Balconies
For the safety of residents and our campus community, it is extremely important that residents exercise care and caution around windows, ledges, and balconies, especially when open. Residents are prohibited from:
● Standing, sitting, or walking on any window, ledge, or balcony railing;
● Throwing, dropping, or otherwise releasing any objects from any window, ledge, or balcony;
● Climbing into or out of any windows, balconies, porches, etc. to either access or exit the residence hall;
● Any other inappropriate and/or undesignated use or behaviors that would otherwise put an individual or property at
risk.
Resources and methods for reporting
All Residence Life staff members are considered University officials and have full authority to address alleged violations of the Code, this Handbook, and other applicable rules and regulations. However, any UNC Charlotte community member can inform the University of an incident by submitting a report via incidentreport.charlotte.edu. Reports filed are immediately
  6

received in the system and are reviewed the next business day. In the event of an emergency or crimes or incidents involving imminent threat of harm, contact UNC Charlotte Police and Public Safety at 704-687-2200.
Residence hall staff
Resident Advisors (RAs) provide on-duty coverage in most housing buildings/areas from 8:00 pm until 8:00 am on weekdays and continuously on weekends beginning at 8:00 pm on Fridays. To reach the RA on Duty, please call the phone number posted in your community. The availability of staff members may be limited during University break periods and during transitional housing between semesters.
Additionally, a professional staff member is on call every night from 5:00pm to 8:00am and throughout weekends and holidays to respond to emergency situations or other significant concerns. If you need the assistance of this staff member, contact the RA on Duty or Police & Public Safety at 704-687-2200.
Police and Public Safety
Police and Public Safety officers patrol the campus and are available to respond to calls 24 hours a day. If at any time you are experiencing an emergency, contact Public Safety via phone (704-687-2200), the LiveSave app, or any Blue Light phone. Note: Dialing 911 from your cell phone will connect you to the Charlotte Mecklenburg Police Department before routing you to UNC Charlotte Police and Public Safety. For emergencies in on-campus housing facilities, please contact UNC Charlotte Police and Public Safety directly at 704-687-2200 to avoid delays in Police response.
Help Seeking Protocol
Students are expected to demonstrate compassion by seeking help in potentially dangerous or life-threatening situations involving drugs and/or alcohol. The University does not want the fear of accountability repercussions to be a barrier for seeking help. In lieu of the University student accountability process, the Help Seeking Protocol provides students an opportunity to seek help for themselves or others while being connected to campus and community resources. The full text of the Help Seeking Protocol can be found here.
Sexual and Interpersonal Misconduct
UNC Charlotte takes allegations and reports of sexual and interpersonal misconduct (sexual or gender-based harassment, sexual assault, sexual exhibitionism, sexual exploitation, dating violence, domestic violence, stalking, sexual contact, and retaliation) very seriously and provides resources for supportive measures and reporting. The University’s Title IX Coordinator is responsible for ensuring compliance with federal law surrounding sex-based discrimination.
If you, or someone you know, are a survivor of sexual or interpersonal misconduct, there are many options available for both reporting the incident and seeking medical attention and emotional support, regardless of where or when the incident took place. For more information regarding the University’s response to reports of sexual and interpersonal misconduct, available supportive measures, and grievance procedures under Title IX, please visit the Office of Civil Rights and Title IX website.
Additional Information
● The University’s Interpersonal Violence Resource Guide outlines the many services and resources available to students who have experienced sexual or interpersonal misconduct.
● If a student needs emergency medical care after hours, they can visit any medical provider of their choice. Students are also encouraged to seek follow up care at the Student Health Center. More information can be found on the SHC website. Students are also encouraged to seek confidential counseling services through Counseling and Psychological Services located on campus. More information can be found on the CAPS website.
● The University’s definition of Consent requires an affirmative decision to engage in sexual activity. That means you should assume you have a “no” until you receive a clear “yes” that is knowingly and voluntarily given. Silence or a lack of resistance doesn’t mean you’ve been given consent to engage in sexual intimacy. Additionally, if a person is incapacitated (by alcohol or drugs, for example), restrained, coerced, isolated or threatened, consent has not, and can not be obtained. For more information see https://civilrights.charlotte.edu/students/prohibited-behaviors-definitions.
          
Prohibited in all residential areas:
Any appliance capable of heating grease or oil to a burning point (e.g. deep fryers, popcorn machines, etc.)
Aquariums with tanks over 10 gallons
Candles with wicks, incense, or other items that create an open flame
Cats, dogs, and other non-fish pets except for approved ESAs, Service Animals, and those in pet-friendly housing.
Ceiling tapestries
Additional door locks (e.g. chain or deadbolt)
Flammable items (charcoal, lighter fluid, open flame grills, butane torches, fireworks, etc.)
Halogen lamps/bulbs
Live Christmas trees
LED light strips with adhesive (example)
Loft beds
Multi-plug extension cords that do not have a fuse
Multi-plug wall outlets that do not have a fuse
Non-UL approved devices
Oil burning lamps
Antennas
Personal wireless internet routers
Space heaters
Weapons as defined by University Policy 702*
Open coil burners/hot plates
Transportation devices with Lithium Ion Batteries (e.g. hoverboards, skateboards, scooters, etc.) unless the device is approved through The Office of Disability
3D Printers/laminators
Recording devices such as Ring Cameras
Prohibited With Exceptions:
Only permitted in apartment kitchens:

Electric wok
Electric griddle/grill
Hot Air Cookers, including air fryers
Indoor grills (George Foreman-type)
Regular toaster
Stovetop tea kettles
Instant Pots/Pressure Cooker/Rice Cooker
Toaster oven
*Weapons are prohibited on campus under the criteria set in University Policy 702. Knives and Bows & Arrows are permitted in assigned bed spaces if the following criteria are met. If these criteria are not met, and/or if the item(s) is used in conflict with University or departmental policies or expectations, as determined by University officials, the item is prohibited and may be confiscated.

Knives
A knife used solely for the preparation of food, instruction, and maintenance is permitted. A pocket/utility knife measuring 3 inches or less from handle to tip is presumed to be used solely for instruction or maintenance.

All bowie knives, dirks, daggers, and switchblade knives (a knife that opens automatically by the release of a spring or similar mechanism) are prohibited.

Bow & Arrows 
Bows and arrows that have practice or blunt tips, are locked inside the student room, and are not accessible to others are permitted. 

If you have questions about a specific item, please contact hrlfacilities@uncc.edu.

You can also find a packing list here. 

Belk Furniture Dimensions
Sofa: 48" X 35" X 31.5"
TV stand: 42" X 18" X 32"
Desk: 48" X 24.5" X 30"
Dresser: 29.5" X 24.5" X 30
Mattress: Twin XL (36" X 80")
Bed frame: 86" X 38"
Adjustable bed heights: at their lowest setting, the bottom of the springs is 8" off floor. The top of the mattress is 17 1/2"; at their highest setting, the bottom of the springs is 33" off the floor. The top of the mattress is 42 1/2".
For Apartments Only:

Breakfast table: 36" X 30" X 29"
Breakfast table chairs- 33' tall
Bar stool: 42.5" tall

Elm Furniture Dimensions
Sofa: 86" X 36" X 26"
Coffee table: 48" X 24" X 18"
TV stand: 42" X 18" X 32"
Bar stools: 18" X 17" X 45"
Desk: 42" X 24.5" X 30"
Dresser: 29.5" X 24.5" X 30"
Wardrobe: 42" X 24" X 72"
Mattress: Twin XL (36" X 80")
Bed frame: 86" X 38"
Adjustable bed heights: at their lowest setting, the bottom of the springs is 8" off floor. The top of the mattress is 17 1/2"; at their highest setting, the bottom of the springs is 33" off the floor. The top of the mattress is 42 1/2".

Greek Village Furniture Dimensions
Desk: 48" X 24.5" X 30"
Dresser: 29.5" X 24.5" X 30"
Headboard: 56" X 36"
Bed frame: 80" X 53"
Mattress: Double (53" X 80")

Hawthorn Furniture Dimensions
Sofa: 82" X 36" X 30"
TV stand: 42" X 18" X 32"
Desk: 48" X 24.5" X 30"
Dresser: 29.5" X 24.5" X 21.5"
Wardrobe: 48" X 24" X 72"
Mattress: Twin XL (36" X 80")
Bed frame: 86" X 38"
Adjustable bed heights: at their lowest setting, the bottom of the springs is 8" off floor. The top of the mattress is 17 1/2"; at their highest setting, the bottom of the springs is 33" off the floor. The top of the mattress is 42 1/2".

Hickory/Cedar Furniture Dimensions
Desk: 42" X 24" X 30"
Dresser: 29.5" X 24" X 21"
Wardrobe: 24 X 24 X 72
Mattress: Twin XL (36" X 80")
Bed frame: 86" X 38"
Adjustable bed heights: at their lowest setting, the bottom of the springs is 8" off floor. The top of the mattress is 17 1/2"; at their highest setting, the bottom of the springs is 33" off the floor. The top of the mattress is 42 1/2".

Holshouser Furniture Dimensions
Desk: 48" X 24.5" X 30"
Dresser- 29.5" X 24.5" X 30"
Wardrobe- 36.5" X 24.5" X 70.5"
Mattress: Twin XL (36" X 80")
Bed frame: 86" X 38"
Adjustable bed heights: at their lowest setting, the bottom of the springs is 8" off floor. The top of the mattress is 17 1/2"; at their highest setting, the bottom of the springs is 33" off the floor. The top of the mattress is 42 1/2".
For Suites Only:

Sofa: 85" X 37" X 26"
TV Stand: 42" X 18" X 32"

Hunt Furniture Dimensions
Sofa: 76" X 34" X 29"
TV stand: 42" X 18" X 32"
Desk: 48" X 24.5" X 30"
Dresser: 29.5" X 24.5" X 30"
Mattress: Twin XL (36" X 80")
Bed frame: 86" X 38"
Adjustable bed heights: at their lowest setting, the bottom of the springs is 8" off floor. The top of the mattress is 17 1/2"; at their highest setting, the bottom of the springs is 33" off the floor. The top of the mattress is 42 1/2".

Laurel Furniture Dimensions
Sofa: 86" X 36" X 26"
TV stand: 42" X 18" X 32"
Desk: 48" X 24.5" X 30"
Dresser: 29.5" X 24.5" X 30"
Mattress: Twin XL (36" X 80")
Bed frame: 86" X 38"
Adjustable bed heights: at their lowest setting, the bottom of the springs is 8" off floor. The top of the mattress is 17 1/2"; at their highest setting, the bottom of the springs is 33" off the floor. The top of the mattress is 42 1/2".

Levine Furniture Dimensions
Sofa: 86" X 36" X 26.5"
TV stand: 42" X 18" X 32"
Desk: 42" X 24.5" X 30"
Dresser: 29.5" X 24.5" X 21.5"
Mattress: Twin XL (36" X 80")
Bed frame: 86" X 38"
Adjustable bed heights: at their lowest setting, the bottom of the springs is 8" off floor. The top of the mattress is 17 1/2"; at their highest setting, the bottom of the springs is 33" off the floor. The top of the mattress is 42 1/2".
For Apartments Only:

Coffee table: 48" X 24" X 18"
Lounge chair: 40" X 35.5" X 27"
Bar stools: 18" X 17" X 45"

Lynch Funiture Dimensions
Sofa: 86" X 36" X 26"
TV stand: 34" X 24" X 32"
Desk: 56" X 24" X 30"
Dresser: 29.5" X 24" X 21"
Mattress: Twin XL (36" X 80")
Bed frame: 86" X 38"
Adjustable bed heights: at their lowest setting, the bottom of the springs is 8" off floor. The top of the mattress is 17 1/2"; at their highest setting, the bottom of the springs is 33" off the floor. The top of the mattress is 42 1/2".

Martin Furniture Dimensions
Sofa: 84" X 36" X 30"
TV stand: 42" X 18" X 32"
Breakfast table: 36" X 30" X 29"
Breakfast table chairs- 33' tall
Desk: 48" X 24.5" X 30"
Dresser: 29.5" X 24.5" X 30"
Mattress: Twin XL (36" X 80")
Bed frame: 86" X 38"
Adjustable bed heights: at their lowest setting, the bottom of the springs is 8" off floor. The top of the mattress is 17 1/2"; at their highest setting, the bottom of the springs is 33" off the floor. The top of the mattress is 42 1/2".

Miltimore Furniture Dimensions
Sofa: 48" X 35" X 31.5"
TV stand: 42" X 18" X 32"
Desk: 48" X 24.5" X 30"
Dresser: 29.5" X 24.5" X 30"
Mattress: Twin XL (36" X 80")
Bed frame: 86" X 38"
Adjustable bed heights: at their lowest setting, the bottom of the springs is 8" off floor. The top of the mattress is 17 1/2"; at their highest setting, the bottom of the springs is 33" off the floor. The top of the mattress is 42 1/2".
For Apartments Only:

Breakfast table: 36" X 30" X 29"
Breakfast table chairs: 33" tall
Bar stool: 42.5" tall

Oak Furniture Dimensions
Sofa: 86" X 36" X 26"
TV stand: 42" X 18" X 32"
Desk: 42" X 24.5" X 30"
Dresser: 29.5" X 24.5" X 30"
Wardrobe: 42" X 24" X 72"
Mattress: Twin XL (36" X 80")
Bed frame: 86" X 38"
Adjustable bed heights: at their lowest setting, the bottom of the springs is 8" off floor. The top of the mattress is 17 1/2"; at their highest setting, the bottom of the springs is 33" off the floor. The top of the mattress is 42 1/2".

Phase XVI Furniture Dimensions
​​​​​Desk: 30” X 30” X 24"
Mobile Pedestal (can be combined with desk): 30” X 18” X 24” 
Dresser: 30” X 30” X 24”
Mattress: Twin XL (36" X 80")
Bed frame: 80" X 36"
Adjustable bed heights: at their lowest setting, the bottom of the springs is 8" off floor. The top of the mattress is 17 1/2"; at their highest setting, the bottom of the springs is 50 1/2" off the floor. The top of the mattress is 60".

Pine Furniture Dimensions
Sofa: 86" X 36" X 26"
Coffee table: 48" X 24" X 18"
TV stand: 42" X 18" X 32"
Bar stools: 18" X 17" X 45"
Desk: 42" X 24.5" X 30"
Dresser: 29.5" X 24.5" X 30"
Wardrobe: 42" X 24" X 72"
Mattress: Twin XL (36" X 80")
Bed frame: 86" X 38"
Adjustable bed heights: at their lowest setting, the bottom of the springs is 8" off floor. The top of the mattress is 17 1/2"; at their highest setting, the bottom of the springs is 33" off the floor. The top of the mattress is 42 1/2".

Sanford Furniture Dimensions
Desk: 48" X 24.5"
Dresser: 29.5" X 24.5" X 30"
Wardrobe: 72" X 36"
Mattress: Twin XL (36" X 80")
Bed frame: 86" X 38"
Adjustable bed heights: at their lowest setting, the bottom of the springs is 8" off floor. The top of the mattress is 17 1/2"; at their highest setting, the bottom of the springs is 33" off the floor. The top of the mattress is 42 1/2".

Scott Furniture Dimensions
Desk: 48" X 24.5" X 30"
Dresser: 29.5" X 24.5" X 30"
Wardrobe: 36.5" X 24.5" X 70.5"
Mattress: Twin XL (36" X 80")
Bed frame: 86" X 38"
Adjustable bed heights: at their lowest setting, the bottom of the springs is 8" off floor. The top of the mattress is 17 1/2"; at their highest setting, the bottom of the springs is 33" off the floor. The top of the mattress is 42 1/2"

Wallis Furniture Dimensions
Sofa: 80" X 34" X 24"
TV stand: 60" X 20" X 30"
Desk: 56" X 24" X 30"
Dresser: 30" X 24" X 21.5"
Mattress: Twin XL (36" X 80")
Bed frame: 86" X 38"
Adjustable bed heights: at their lowest setting, the bottom of the springs is 8" off floor. The top of the mattress is 17 1/2"; at their highest setting, the bottom of the springs is 33" off the floor. The top of the mattress is 42 1/2".
For Apartments Only:

Dining table: 30" tall, 42" diameter
Dining table chair: 33" tall


Essential Items
Cleaning supplies (disinfectant/household cleaner, broom, mop, vacuum, etc.)
Clothes hangers
Face Covering
Personal prescription medications, in labeled prescription bottles
Pens/pencils, paper, notebooks, etc.
Cell phone and charging cable
Desktop or laptop computer
Pillow, sheets, and blankets
Towels
Toiletries (hand soap and/or sanitizer, shampoo, etc.)  
Toilet paper (for suites and apartments) 
Trash bags
Laundry basket and detergent
Cleaning supplies (disinfectant/household cleaner, broom, mop, vacuum, etc.)
Clothes hangers
First aid kit/supplies (thermometer, band-aids, aspirin, etc.)
Suggested Items
Electronics

Digital Cable Ready Television
CATV grade coaxial cable jumper to attach to the cable jack on your wall to your TV or a smart device such as a Roku, Amazon Firestick or Apple TV
DVD/Bluray player
Bluetooth speakers
Headphones with microphone (to help maintain an academic environment and respect quiet/courtesy hours)
Game consoles
Printer
Portable cell phone charger
Power strips with fuses/circuit breaker (must have an on/off switch or built-in fuse)
RJ-45 Ethernet cable
Small Appliances

Refrigerator or MicroFridge combination unit (not to exceed a total 4.5 cubic feet)
Microwave oven
Blender
Coffee maker/Coffee pot
Electric tea kettle
Iron with automatic shutoff
Blow dryer
Desk lamp
Alarm clock (battery back-up is helpful)
Steamer Irons
Miscellaneous

Security container with lock to keep valuables
Bicycle and security lock
Posters, plants, and room decor
Small tacks/push pins (for hanging decor on your walls, command strips cause damage when removed improperly)
Sewing kit/scissors
Umbrella
Oscillating or box fan
Bed risers

FULL-TIME EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES
Residence Education Coordinators
Residence Education Coordinators (RECs) are full-time professional staff members who live in a residential community and are responsible for the educational and operational functions of the living area. They manage residential areas and supervise the Graduate Hall Assistants (GHAs) and Resident Advisors (RAs). RECs have college degrees and significant experience working with college students. Much of an REC's time is spent serving as an active resource for students and staff who reside in their hall/area. Learn more.

Support Staff, Building Environmental Service Staff, and Maintenance Staff
Critical to departmental operations, our support staff members in the Main Housing Office, Technology Services, Residence Life, Financial Services and Facilities Services, as well as our Maintenance and Building Environmental Service team members, help to keep Housing and Residence Life delivering the highest possible service levels to our residents and guests. For available opportunities, please visit the UNC Charlotte Employment website.

Security Guards
Security Guards monitor main building entrances, make building tours and enforce policies and procedures. In addition, they provide services such as issuing loan keys, responding to emergency situations and checking out equipment. Security Guards work from 11 p.m. to 7 a.m. on most evenings. For available opportunities, please visit the UNC Charlotte Employment website.

STUDENT EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES
Graduate Hall Advisor
The Graduate Hall Advisor (GHA) position is a 10-month, part-time (approximately 20 hours per week), live-in, graduate position within the Department of Housing and Residence Life. The GHA is responsible for providing administrative support to an assigned residential community housing 300-750 students or to department-wide Residence Life programs and services such as staff training or student leadership programs. General responsibilities include supervision and advising of undergraduate students, assisting in the coordination of residence life, operational and assignment functions; and performing other administrative functions as needed. Learn more.

Resident Advisor
Resident Advisors (RAs) are part-time paraprofessional staff members of the Department of Housing and Residence Life who live in an assigned residential hall/area. RAs work closely with and are supervised by Residence Education Coordinators who also live and work in the residence halls. RAs serve as valuable campus resources and have many different responsibilities. RAs spend significant time getting to know their residents, building relationships with and among their residents, and serving as positive peer leaders. RAs also enforce community standards and University policies to maintain inclusive residential communities. Most importantly, RAs work hard to foster communities that are welcoming and conducive to living and learning. RAs are selected for their leadership potential, interpersonal abilities, positive and caring attitudes, and sense of responsibility. Learn more.

Desk Assistant
The main responsibilities of the Desk Assistant involve providing administrative support, customer service, and loan key operations to residential students in their assigned Village. Loan Key desks are open 24 hours a day and 7 days a week during the academic year, and the Desk Assistants provide coverage while the Loan Key Operator, Residence Education Coordinator, and Security Guards are not present. Non-loan Key Desks are open Monday to Friday 12 p.m. to 8 p.m. Desk Assistants are expected to work mornings, evenings, weekends, and some holidays. We recruit for the Desk Assistant position several times throughout the year, so please check eRezLife for the application. If you have any questions or would like further information then please send an email to hrlstudentstaffjobs@uncc.edu and one of our staff will reply. Learn more.

Housing Ambassador
Housing Ambassadors are primarily responsible for conducting daily tours of housing facilities, participating in housing recruitment events, providing customer service to students and their families during campus visits and providing general office support for Housing and Residence Life as needed. Candidates for the Housing Ambassador position should have excellent communication and interpersonal skills. They should be knowledgeable and committed to learning more about UNC Charlotte and the Department of Housing and Residence Life. They must also be able to effectively express and represent the living on campus experience in a positive way. Learn more.

Conference Housing Assistant or Conference Housing Assistant - Team Leader
CHAs and CHA-TLs are employed over the summer months. They are responsible for providing hospitality services and assistance to participants who stay overnight in our residence halls as a part of summer camps/conferences and Student Orientation (SOAR). The specific duties of both CHAs and CHA-TLs include facilities/room preparation, checking guests in/out of housing, key management, inventory control, operating information desks, administrative tasks, and providing support to non-affiliated University visitors. CHA-TLs will have additional leadership responsibilities. Learn more.

Maintenance Assistant
Summer Maintenance Assistants will work under the direction of full-time maintenance mechanics to support building maintenance and renovations in the areas of general repair, painting, plumbing, and carpentry. Duties include inspections of housekeeping and maintenance issues, painting/patching drywall, changing light bulbs, assisting with furniture and small carpentry repairs, moving University furniture and mattresses, distributing operational supplies across campus, etc. Learn more. For summer or regular academic year opportunities, please contact Housing Facilities Services.

Facilities Desk Assistant
Facilities Desk Assistants will work in the HRL Facilities office and help answer calls, emails, submit and track maintenance requests, and perform other office administrative tasks that directly support HRL facilities and maintenance. For summer or regular academic year opportunities, please contact Housing Facilities Services.

JOIN THE HOME TEAM!
The Resident Advisor (RA) Application for 2024-2025 opens on Monday, Oct. 30, 2023!

If you’re interested, apply by  November 19 at 11:59 p.m. The application can be found on eRezlife!

Resident Advisors (RAs) are responsible for carrying out the values of the Department of Housing and Residence Life by assisting with the growth, belonging, and community on their floors and within their hall(s). The RA is a student peer leader who lives in the residence halls and is in an integral position in the Department of Housing and Residence Life. The RA position has a variety of responsibilities including, but not limited to being a role model, community leader, educator, administrator, helper, and team member.

The knowledge, skills, and abilities (KSAs) gained by our staff members are highly transferrable in future job searches. The RA position is one of the most unique, challenging, and rewarding student positions offered on UNC Charlotte’s campus. 

To better understand the Resident Advisor position, or if you are considering applying for future positions, PLEASE READ the job description to review the responsibilities and expectations of this position. 

As a RA you will be responsible for creating community and a home away from home for our students. Primary responsibilities include getting to know each person in your community so you can be an effective peer helper when needed. Additionally, you will focus most of your time on creating a community where everyone feels valued, safe, and able to excel as a student.

Learn more about our Resident Advisor’s experiences through the RA Spotlight

INFORMATIONAL SESSIONS
Interested in learning more about the RA position? Join us in person at one of our four informational sessions to learn more about the Resident Advisor position! You will have the opportunity to find out more from our current RAs, members of the RA Recruitment committee, and current RA supervisors! Here are the in-person info sessions that we are offering: 

Wednesday, Oct. 18 at 12:00 p.m. in Student Union 262
Thursday, Oct. 26 at 12:00 p.m. in Cone 111
Monday, Nov. 6  at 12:00 p.m. in Student Union 262
Tuesday, Nov. 14 at 2:00p.m Virtual Meeting on Zoom
Join Zoom Meeting https://charlotte-edu.zoom.us/j/92940347039?pwd=SGx0enpYbVJNaXdpTHlXVnJtaEJGZz09 Meeting ID: 929 4034 7039 Passcode: 726907
Zoom expectations: prior to logging on, please make sure your First and Last name are added and you are joining with your Niner Net credentials.You will be in a waiting room until names are verified to ensure you are a Charlotte Student.
IMPORTANT DATES
Informational Sessions: Oct. 18, Oct. 26, Nov. 6, Nov. 14
Application Opens: Oct. 30
Application Closes: Nov. 19 at 11:59 pm
Individual Interview Offers: Jan. 10, 2024
Individual Interview Sign Up Due: Jan. 17, 2024
Individual Interviews: Week of Jan. 22, 2024
RA Group Process Invites: Sent on Feb. 2nd, 2024 
RA Group Process: Week of Feb. 19, 2024 
RA Offer Letters: Sent by March 28, 2024
ACADEMIC SUCCESS PLANS
To ensure support for each RA’s academic success and to maximize opportunities for continuation of their employment, Housing and Residence Life (HRL) has implemented Academic Success Plans in partnership with the University Center for Academic Excellence (UCAE) since 2016. Student staff members who have fallen near or below the 2.5 GPA requirement for the RA position work collaboratively with their supervising Residence Education Coordinator (REC) and the UCAE to generate an individualized action plan to help navigate the entire following semester. 

How do Academic Success Plans (ASPs) work? Learn more here.

